Ken Olsen: Hello.
Ken Olsen: Hi. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Ken Olsen: Okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. My name is Becca. How are you today.
Ken Olsen: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, this won't take very long. We're going to complete a bio psychosocial. I'm just going to ask you a series of questions get a little bit of history from you is on a right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Okay. The first question is, what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Ken Olsen: I've got this
Ken Olsen: Information from when I was in the hospital at heart attack. I got like a clogged arteries.
Ken Olsen: And they gave me the information there and
Ken Olsen: That's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm Clark.
Ken Olsen: I was trying to detox.
On
Ken Olsen: I was going really bad with the blog co there again.
Ken Olsen: And I wanted to detox, which he said was that was there for a couple days, but I got out the day after I got our like a heart attack. And this is how I got in touch with you guys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I'm King. Can you tell me a little bit about your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: History with alcohol is alcohol. The only substance that you've ever
Ken Olsen: Oh no, I've done them all the labor except heroin. I'd ever done everyone
Ken Olsen: But done every math coke mushrooms acid beer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. What age did you first.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you call it experiment.
Ken Olsen: Probably 13 by the acid going around back in those days.
Ken Olsen: I was dropping acid, where I smoke weed. I don't know why it was there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how did it progress from there.
Ken Olsen: I went from acid to weed drinking and I got really depressed. I started losing my hair 20 and I just, you know, I used to be good with the
Ken Olsen: Needs to be really sociable that I started losing my hair, I think I've been to a lot of thinking about it. I think that's where I started this last my self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it started.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you went on to from acid to marijuana to
Ken Olsen: Create a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jane, can too.
Ken Olsen: But I didn't met every day for about a year and a half of my 30s.
Ken Olsen: Try to sell it was unsuccessful.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so the, the one that's been consistent as alcohol.
Ken Olsen: OH four fifth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I'm ever been to treatment before
Ken Olsen: I've been to a couple of rehabs
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Detox or residential
Residential
Ken Olsen: Residential I went to a Christian based
Ken Olsen: Rehab to the church for like six months that I went to a 30 day rehab.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And where was that
Ken Olsen: Roseville, it was a was a six month and then the 30 day was in
Ken Olsen: Sacramento. You want the names of the place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you remember them. That would be great.
Ken Olsen: The six month was a
Ken Olsen: abundant life church in Roseville
Ken Olsen: They had a they had called the men's home.
Ken Olsen: And it was a Christian based
Ken Olsen: Rehab that we all live together and volunteer for the church and
Ken Olsen: All that stuff. And the other one was a county rehab for 30 days.
Ken Olsen: Call the house.
Ken Olsen: Well, it's 30 days there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long ago was that
Ken Olsen: Eight years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long after you left treatment and were you able to abstain from drinking
Ken Olsen: A couple days, probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and how much were you drinking on a daily basis.
Ken Olsen: Couple to 14 at least
Ken Olsen: 242 at least but you know whatever I could afford
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And the last time you bring
Ken Olsen: The Dory 15th of this year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Ken Olsen: Yes.
Ken Olsen: Very awesome India. Oh, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, go ahead. For you gonna say
Ken Olsen: I went to the dentist. A couple of days ago and I had a real bad for like a week and a half. I had a real bad to fake
Ken Olsen: And I went to the dentist in that they put me on Norco for the pain and penicillin for the infection. Yeah. So I took a Norco earlier. So I might be a little, but I tell you what, when you when you take medication as prescribed for what their needs are for it work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he
Ken Olsen: I had a headache so bad with my tooth ache. So I took a Norco around eight o'clock, just let you know as a penicillin.
Ken Olsen: And my heart medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Medication. Okay.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention to whether or not you start having
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cravings or yeah or Norco or even alcohol, you might start having cravings for it because the opioid in the medication touches the same receptors that the alcohol. Did they kind of. So just be aware. Okay. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Um, okay. So any past mental health treatment.
Ken Olsen: You know, I forgot about that.
Ken Olsen: With the Stockton, there's a mental health place I stay for like two weeks.
Ken Olsen: Apparently,
Ken Olsen: Somebody thought I tried to commit suicide because I, there was an empty bottle at title on my room and I said,
Ken Olsen: That I guess they asked me do you take all those. And I guess I said yes. And then I went into a
Ken Olsen: Mental health facility in Stockton, can't remember the name of it for like two weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health diagnosis from it.
Ken Olsen: You know, it's funny, you know, I talked to the doctor that was in the county mental health place and. Within five minutes he diagnosed me as being bipolar in five minutes of talking to me. He put me on all kinds of meds and after I got out of there. I didn't even bother with
Ken Olsen: But I do take Seroquel
Ken Olsen: Because it helps me sleep.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay I can't take Ambien asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: So I'm kind of dependent on circle asleep. I've tried to get off it and just, it's hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is hard.
Ken Olsen: Yes, I can't sleep without it. No, no, especially when I'm not drink.
Ken Olsen: I drink to this be able to pass out. You know, you know, you've heard this a million times. I'm sure well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that it takes time. You know, it takes you about your time for your body to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: repair itself and to figure out what it's normal really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So give yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just give yourself some time. Okay. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I'm, I'm on. I'm listening to the doctor for once they're actually trying to help me you
Ken Olsen: Know, that'd be it.
Ken Olsen: I didn't know that before.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I'm actually listening so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And so I'm the only um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any other medical issues.
Ken Olsen: I've had surgeries in the last 10 years. A couple of them.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, my left shoulder, my left knee my nose.
Ken Olsen: Plus my heart attack.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past hit suicide attempts, or thoughts.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ken Olsen: But recently, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How far back.
Ken Olsen: Or at the end there before I when I turned myself in on the 15th i was i
Ken Olsen: I knew it was getting bad and I'm starting my credit card.
Ken Olsen: So I was shaking so bad. I couldn't even sign for the receipt. So my new house, I lose my tailbone. I got into a fight numbers, my elbow and I couldn't take it anymore. So I went into my tailbone and detox.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I was kind of shakes really bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was the last time that you had any suicidal thoughts.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, was a month ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and past suicide attempts.
Ken Olsen: I guess you could say one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not the Tylenol.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, that's the empty bottle title. But yeah, I took them, you know, but I don't think I did. But it was, you know, I needed I needed help. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any other suicide attempts.
Ken Olsen: Not that I can recall. No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, homicide.
Ken Olsen: Almost
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody looks at me like that would I say that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's a it's a question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any homicide attempts or any homicide.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: Why don't people a couple times probably
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Ken Olsen: The earth I have an ex mother in law and I thought about taking out a couple times.
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks for being honest, you know, most people say, No, no, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Honestly, I think, you know, some point
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody can
Ken Olsen: Or me my brother, try to kill each other a few times. So I ended up with the first elbow.
Ken Olsen: Cables already you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow yeah any past self harm cutting, burning, that kind of stuff. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I'm going back into your family dynamic dynamics as a kid and tell me what it was like growing up in your household where you're putting together your whole life or
Ken Olsen: The other, they were American my mom passed away two years ago and
Ken Olsen: I got sexually abused. When I was a kid by a family members. Kind of weird, but
Ken Olsen: I always kind of blew it off is like, I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know you know I didn't always wrong. You know, until I got older, but it just don't bother me. It's always in the back of my mind.
Ken Olsen: A little bit so I can relate to people who talk about being abused.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a family member. Did you tell your parents.
Ken Olsen: Maybe what I got older, I think I
Ken Olsen: Ordered it out, but
Ken Olsen: You know, I just look at it as one of those things are just happens in life. Yeah, he's got deal with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any other past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: childhood abuse.
Ken Olsen: No, no, actually grew up in a
Ken Olsen: Military style, you know, we moved a lot. I kind of anchor doesn't see the world and really complain about my childhood. My dad.
Ken Olsen: My mom didn't drink. They came from a family of alcoholics. So we kind of skipped a generation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So any
Ken Olsen: My brother all my brothers and we were
Ken Olsen: Alex
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many brothers. Do you have
Two older
Ken Olsen: On the baby.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any mental health in your family dynamic
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, both my brothers.
Ken Olsen: And my, my parents to a little bit
Ken Olsen: I know my dad was on antidepressants and
Ken Olsen: Probably my mom.
Ken Olsen: And my brother and my other brother. We're all this. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, going back a little bit further, let's talk about your school when you were in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was it hard for you or easy for you or
Ken Olsen: I was a special classes in my
Ken Olsen: Like King garden.
Ken Olsen: And
Ken Olsen: I didn't do very well in school. I got kicked out. I never made it past eighth grade and I went to continuation school and they kicked me out for smoking weed.
Ken Olsen: Was about the end of that and I'm with the night school
Ken Olsen: Was like 17 and it took all my government that was about it. But I never, I never went to the ninth grade.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you ever go back and get your GED.
Yes.
Ken Olsen: And funny you ask that I was up for like two days on that I took the GED and passed it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I don't know what it is, but I'm not. I don't want to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't look stupid. It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any military we you in the military and your dad was. But we're you
Ken Olsen: Know I tried to sign up in 2007 when I was 37
Ken Olsen: And I owe the county money like three grand from a DUI or something.
Ken Olsen: And they said, Well, once you pay it off them back and I couldn't pay it off. So I really try to go in the military, but my dad was a Vietnam vet Air Force.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That brings me to my next question past or present legal issues.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, quite a few.
Ken Olsen: DUIs
Ken Olsen: You call it had to go to anger management for a year.
Ken Olsen: And
Ken Olsen: Honestly, I'm not angry person. I just bumped into my girlfriend's the phone for elbow and next thing I know,
Ken Olsen: I'm in jail. Then I get out, you would let me and I got drunk and kick the door.
Ken Olsen: So your finger managed for that and just DUIs and anger management thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many DUIs
But
How many
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was it domestic violence that you were had to go to anger management before
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and I never had a girl in my life. She just very dramatic.
Ken Olsen: You want to hear the story, or should we just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You could, you could definitely tell me the story. I'm hoping to hear you like
Ken Olsen: Oh, I was a maintenance guy. I was a maintenance guy for the apartments and everybody knew me. It was good guy, and my neighbors could hear her come home and yell at me. She tried to push my buttons you my neighbors like he just pushes and pushes you know
Ken Olsen: And when that we got an argument like push around of the doors. Just leave me alone. And she went out and yelling and screaming trying to get her back in the house and we kind of ran into each other and she fell down, she found her elbow call the police.
Ken Olsen: So I was sitting on my couch, looking up, you know, we get up adored or taking pictures over. Oh my god.
Ken Olsen: Then I then I did with the gel me let me out and
Ken Olsen: It was basically my apartments, you can let me is like kick the door. And I was like, after tomorrow.
Ken Olsen: Or you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In what happened is you call the cops again.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're arrested again.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I was in a blackout. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you think of in your management.
Ken Olsen: Gotta be honest, a
Ken Olsen: bunch of guys sitting around talking about football and uh
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I realized that I didn't belong in there.
Ken Olsen: Like
Ken Olsen: Like a lot of guys like bouncers or dislike the fight he
Ken Olsen: Said,
Ken Olsen: I got one or two little nuggets out of it. That's about it like a, you're probably right. When you are going and just walk away when you get mad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you take, um, any financial stressors for you.
Ken Olsen: Well, I live with my dad now he doesn't charge me right
Ken Olsen: I just helping keep up, you know, around the house.
Ken Olsen: We kind of blessed for that.
Ken Olsen: So I don't have any money right now I don't have my credit cards are cut up
Ken Olsen: Right now, since I have my heart attack. I was taking it easy.
Ken Olsen: But right now I don't feel like I'm going to be homeless or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Okay. Um, is there anything that you think that I missed. It's important that we know about you.
Ken Olsen: Know,
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm it. Tell me what you would like to get out of treatment while you're working with bright heart. What are some of the things that you think that you could benefit from
Ken Olsen: Just the core arrange talking to somebody
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Go ahead. No, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you engaged in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Group or
Ken Olsen: You are. I had my first group meeting yesterday, but I go to a every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, awesome. Yeah. How are you getting along in there.
Ken Olsen: I got a sponsor 34 years sober. He's my cousin.
Ken Olsen: Oh, I'm doing fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And reading and thanks. Fine.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, there you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what what is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you nervous right now.
Ken Olsen: Little bit. I've been drinking coffee. I took that Norco
Ken Olsen: Know I'm taking all these meds. They gave me for my heart. So, you know, I'll say I'm 100% myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that you can identify that you personally want to work on.
Ken Olsen: Work on this brand William sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any kind of coping skills or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that you can that comes to mind that you need to work on personally
Ken Olsen: What addiction.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Altering your brain.
Ken Olsen: About it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay well through this process, you put you might come up with a few more other things and we can discuss it. You know what I mean, yeah, I'm definitely. We're here to kind of walk you through this process and to support you in any way we possibly can and to help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: heal from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your past trauma and to help me understand about your addiction. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll kind of go from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you you went to your first group. Who's your doctor.
Ken Olsen: Oh hold on one second. Can you hold up.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Okay, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who's the doctor you're working with.
Ken Olsen: On bright heart.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I could look but
I just thought
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and your. Where are you
Sacramento.
Ken Olsen: And resides Roseville
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, awesome.
Ken Olsen: It'll open at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Starting to get nice here huh
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Beautiful day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what a date and time is the best time for you to meet with me for the next couple weeks.
Ken Olsen: Time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like what day of the week is best for you.
Ken Olsen: Let me look at my calendar. Okay.
Sure.
Ken Olsen: I have a group meetings on Tuesdays at three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay, I
Ken Olsen: Can I have it before that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can't be on the same day as your group.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has to be on a different day. And that's per you know insurance policy stuff I
Ken Olsen: OK, I see.
Ken Olsen: One day 30
Ken Olsen: About Malaysia three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Minute. I'm in group. Most of the days on Monday.
Ken Olsen: So what day is good for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometime on Tuesday Wednesdays or Thursdays.
Ken Olsen: About the same time today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At 12 o'clock.
Ken Olsen: Wednesdays at 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can do that.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get this scheduled so that
Ken Olsen: This is what's your name again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My name is they call me back as my go by name, but my name is Rebecca Evans, so
Ken Olsen: Better at 12 o'clock. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're in the same same area so it's it's 12 o'clock, our time.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see.
Ken Olsen: Let me be the case. Right. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll kind of get together on a weekly basis for the next three or four weeks and kind of work on some personal stuff that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you want to work on kind of getting comfortable with each other. I want you to be able to, you know, trust me, and know that you know i'm here to walk beside you and help you. I'm not here for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To hurt you in any way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, judge you in any way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just to be able to walk beside Jen and give you some of the added support therapeutically. That sounds like a plan. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any questions for me.
No.
Ken Olsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well if you if you come up with any, you can certainly ask me next Wednesday at 12 ok
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ok ok so i hope you get to feeling better and I'm glad that you're resting and you're listening to the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take care yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And. Nice to meet you. And I'm looking forward to meeting with you can and working with you. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay. So I'll see you next week at noon.
Ken Olsen: See you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Bye bye.